<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><fo:root xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:fo="http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Format"><fo:layout-master-set><fo:simple-page-master master-name="order" page-width="210mm" page-height="297mm"><fo:region-body margin="25mm"/><fo:region-before extent="25mm"/><fo:region-after ext<html><head><META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"><title>DSD: A Schema Language for XML</title>
  <STYLEent="0mm"/></fo:simple-page-master></fo:layout-master-set><fo:page-sequence master-reference="order"><fo:flow flow-name="xsl-region-body"><fo:block font-size="11pt" font-family="Times"><fo:block space-before="10mm" font-size="16pt">Minutes of Meeting of Board of "Castle Commerce" LTD.</fo:block><fo:block font-weight="bold" font-size="12pt" space-before="5mm">January 11th, 2004</fo:block><fo:block><fo:block><fo:block space-before="5mm" space-after="5mm" font-weight="bold">
                Attending:
            </fo:block><fo:block margin-left="7mm">                                            
                    * Steve Robinson</fo: TYPE="text/css">
  <!--
  BODY { BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; }
  A:link, A:visited, A:active { TEXT-DECORATION: none; FONT-WEIGHT: bold; COLOR: #0000FF}
  
  H1, H2 { TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold; }
  H3, H4, H5 { TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold; }
  H4.title { TEXT-ALIGN: center; }

  P { TEXT-INDENT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0}
  P.CODE { TEXT-INDENT: 0; COLOR: #FF0000; }

  UL, OL { MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; FONT-SIZE: medium;}
  UL { list-style: square; }
  LI { FONT-SIZE: small; }
  UL EM, OL EM { FONT-WEIGHT: bold; }
  CODE, CITE { FONT-WEIGHT: bold; }
  
  BLOCKQUOTE { MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-RIGHT: 1em }
  IMG { VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; ALIGN: center; }
  SUP { COLOR: #0000FF; FONT-SIZE: small; }
  TT { FONT-FAMILY: monospace; }
  -->
  </STYLE>
</head><body><small><i>
    This paper is also available in 
    <a href="http://www.brics.dk/DSD/dsd.ps">Postscript</a>
blo    and 
    <a href="http://www.brics.dk/DSD/dsd.pdf">PDF</a>
    for printing.
  </i></small><p></p><br><p></p><br><h1>DSD: A Schema Language for XML</h1><h4 class="title">Nils Klarlund<br><i>AT&amp;T Labs Research</i><br><tt><a href="mailto:klarlund@research.att.com">klarlund@research.att.com</a></tt></h4><h4 class="title">Anders M&oslash;ller &amp; Michael I.&nbsp;Schwartzbach<br><i>BRICS, University of Aarhus</i><br><tt><a href="mailto:amoeller@brics.dk,mis@brics.dk">{amoeller,mis}@brics.dk</a></tt></h4><table width="80%" align="center"><tr><td><h4>Abstract</h4>

<p>
We present DSD (Document Structure Description), which is a schema
language for XML documents. A DSD is itself an XML document, which
describes a family of XML application documents.
</p>
<p>
The expressiveness of DSD goes far beyond the simple DTD concept,
covering advanced features such as conditional constraints, multiple
nonterminals for each element, gradual declaration of attributes,
support for both ordered and unordered contents, and constraints on
reference targets. We also support a declarative mechanism for
inserting default elements and attributes that is reminiscent of
cascading style sheets. Finally, we include a simple technique for
evolving DSD documents through selective redefinitions.
</p>
<p>
DSD is completely self-describable, meaning that the syntax of
legal DSD documents together with all static requirements are captured
in a special DSD document, the meta-DSD of less than 500 lines.
</p>
<p>
We relate DSD to other recent XML schema languages.  In particular,
we provide a critique of and comparison with the proposal from the W3C
XML Schema Working Group.
</p>
<p>
DSD is fully implemented and is available in an open source
distribution.  This prototype is guaranteed to process any application
document in linear time.
</p>

</td></tr></table><h3>1. Introduction</h3>


<p>
A Document Structure Description (DSD) is a specification of a
class of XML documents. A DSD defines a grammar for XML documents,
default element attributes and content, and documentation of the
class. A DSD is itself an XML document.  We have five major goals for the
descriptive power of DSDsck><fo:block margin-left="7mm">                                            
                    * Alex Goodwin</fo:block><fo:block margin-left="7mm">                                            
                    * Jonathan Smithson</fo:block><fo:block margin-left="7mm">                                            
                    * Michael Bull</fo:block></fo:block></fo:block><fo:block><fo:block><fo:block space-before="5mm" space-after="5mm" font-weight="bold">
                Agenda:
            </fo:block><fo:block margin-left="7mm">1. Change in board membership</fo:block><fo:block margin-left="7mm">2. Approve meeting minutes for July 10, August 7, September 17,
              October 22 and November 13 meetings of this year</fo:block><fo:block margin-left="7mm">3. Modification of email voting</fo:block><fo:block margin-left="7mm">4. Treasurer report</fo:block><fo:block margin-left="7mm">5. Next meeting</fo:block></fo:block></fo:block><fo:block><fo:block><fo:block font-weight="bold" font-size="12pt" space-before="5mm" space-after="5mm">1. Change in board membership</fo:block><fo:block><fo:block>
                <fo:block space-after="5mm">
                    Alex reports that Martin Duke has sent his resignation to the board of directors and notes we will need another
                    board member at some point to get back to 5 people on the board. He suggests people come up with names so they
                    can be discussed on the board list and the people we like can be added to the board at the next meeting.
                </fo:block>
                <fo:block space-after="5mm">
                    Three people are mentioned:
                </fo:block>
              <fo:block space-after="5mm" margin-left="10mm&#10;                ">
                  * Michael Bull suggests Drew Streib. Drew was one of the early "Castle Commerce" people, and is also active in
                    projects such as the Unic Standards Group's key analysis and others.
              </fo:block>
                <fo:block space-after="5mm" margin-left="10mm&#10;                ">
                  * Alex asks Martin if he would be interesting in becoming a board member. Martin is interested but would like more
                    time to consider it.
                </fo:block>
                <fo:block space-after="5mm" margin-left="10mm&#10;                ">
                  * Alex also proposes Thomas Bushnell, one of the Hurd developers.
                </fo:block>
            </fo:block></fo:block><fo:block font-weight="bold" font-size="12pt" space-before="5mm" space-after="5mm">2. Approving minutes from previous meetings</fo:block><fo:block><fo:block>
                <fo:block space-after="5mm">
                    Alex asks Michael if he has incorporated the changes he suggested
                    for the July 17 minutes. Michael replies that he has.
                </fo:block>
                <fo:block space-after="5mm">
                    Since Jonathan lost his changes for the August 7 minutes, and the September 17 minutes
                    are not in order yet, voting for them is postponed until the next board meeting.
                </fo:block>
                <fo:block space-after="5mm">
                    Michael asks everyone to use ISO 8601 notation for dates in order to prevent confusion. Nobody objects.
                </fo:block>
                <fo:block space-after="5mm">
                    Since the minutes for August 7 and September 17 are not ready
                    voting on them is postponed until the next board meeting.
                </fo:block>
                <fo:block space-after="5mm">
                    The vote to approve the minutes of the October 22 meeting minutes was anonymous.
                </fo:block>
                <fo:block space-after="5mm">
                    The vote to approve the minutes of the November 13 meeting minutes was anonymous.
                </fo:block>
            </fo:block></fo:block><fo:block font-weight="bold" font-size="12pt" space-before="5mm" space-after="5mm">3. Modification of email voting</fo:block><fo:block><fo:block>
                <fo:block space-after="5mm">
                    Alex asked everyone if they have read Ian's email. Not everyone has. Ian offers to
                    rewrite his proposal as a resolution which will be reso, namely that thelution N-2001-11-26.1. Michael
                    remarks he has no strong feelings on this topic and will vote with the majority.
                </fo:block>
                <fo:block space-after="5mm">
                    Ian asks over how long a period votes should be counted. Alex proposes a week.
                </fo:block>
                <fo:block space-after="5mm">
                    The resolution is passed with 4votes in favour and none against.
                </fo:block>
            </fo:block></fo:block><fo:block font-weight="bold" font-size="12pt" space-before="5mm" space-after="5mm">4. Treasurer report</fo:block><fo:block><fo:block>
                <fo:block space-after="5mm">
                    Michael asks for permission to ask Chris to go ahead and mail a letter to
                    Darren Benham pressuring him to surrender all "Castle Commerce" materials
                    he still holds. Alex asks Sean Perry for a last check to see if he has made
                    any progressing in obtaining them. Michael proposes to try and contact Sean
                    and Darren today for a last time, and if no progress has been made yet to
                    proceed with the letter. Nobody objects.
                </fo:block>
                <fo:block space-after="5mm">
                    Jonathan mentions we also need to take care of the P.O.Box and ask if he can
                    spend the 19 US dollar needed to open a P.O.Box in Indianapolis. Alex says he
                    would rather have a forwarding service that we can continue to use when the
                    board changes. Jonathan agrees but explains that we need a registered agent
                    to do that so can not be done until he has the "Castle Commerce" materials
                    that Darren currently holds.
                </fo:block>
            </fo:block></fo:block><fo:block font-weight="bold" font-size="12pt" space-before="5mm" space-after="5mm">5. Next meeting</fo:block><fo:block><fo:block>
                <fo:block space-after="5mm">
                    The next "Castle Commerce" board meeting is set for January 30, 2004 at 2:00 pm.
                </fo:block>
            </fo:block></fo:block></fo:block></fo:block><fo:block border-top="1pt solid black" font-size="8pt" font-style="italic" space-before="110mm" padding-top="1mm">
            This document is an example of minutes of meeting and doesn't correspond to validity.
            All the names and clauses of the meeting are invented.
        </fo:block></fo:block></fo:flow></fo:page-sequence></fo:root>y